Cheers.
The business
that you helped Finn build.
the people that invested in it. they
want you to keep running it.What?
They don't want Sean
anywhere near it.
They tried to kill him?
They killed Finn.
(GUNSHOT)
Sean summoned me. He spent the last
week hiding out with his mum
and Billy in a safe house.
Why would this woman 'Lale'
steal from me?
It's a death sentence.
Maybe you have a history with her.
You've hurt us. now we've hurt you.
(BONE CRACKS)
(SCREAMS)
And that's why you came to kill me.
They were told to hit us
when Ed and Alex weren't there.
The night of the dinner.
you and Ed didn't show.
I told you. we were running late.
You did this favour for Finn.
we washed your money.
And careful.
Mosi as a business partner
is a dangerous man
to be making promises to.
Someone's just stolen Luan's money.
That's half a billion!
Everything I do
is to protect this family.
Everything.
Well. stop.
(BIRDSONG)
FINN: I don't want to argue.
Look. it's done. I'm out.
ED: What do you mean you're done?
Are you crazy? Seriously.
Thirty years. Finn.
Thirty years!
She's a child. you're a grown man!
You could have grandchildren
older than her!
Where's your dignity?!
Dignity is what I'm taking back!
(SCOFFS) Come on.
Marian will find you and kill you.
(SCOFFS)
Both of you.
(CHUCKLES)
Yeah.
No.
No she won't.
Because you are gonna make sure
she never finds out.
You took us there!
What you know about them.
you can't just walk away!
It's done. Ed. It's over to you now.
Alexander runs the money.
Let Sean build his buildings.
I'm giving you everything. Ed.
and all you have to do
is keep this to yourself.
That's all you have to do.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Finn!
You can't just walk away!
It's all yours now. Ed!
ED: We met as young teenagers
on the streets of London.
A city of closed doors.
By the time we were done...
..there would not be one single door
in this city
that we could not get behind.
He led. I followed.
And I am so proud to have worked
for the man all these years.
I dedicate my heart and soul to you.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
VICKY:
Hello. this is Dave's Mechanics.
Please leave a message after
the beep and we'll get back to you.
(BEEP)
Vic. Yeah. it's me.
Listen.
I'm looking at a lot of faces
on my wall and something is missing.
Someone is missing.
There's someone else above all this.
(MUSIC PLAYS)
(IN KURDISH)
You need to
get these shipments moving.
I'm with him.
I don't want any more hold-ups.
OK.
Let's go faster.
Go!
(ENGINE STARTS)
(DOOR OPENS)
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
SEAN: Does Luan know?
No. he's unaware that the transfer
didn't go through last night.
How long have we got? We don't need
a war with the Albanians.
(SIGHS) Not long.
Luan's in business
with Uche Mossanya...
Uche Mossanya?
'Mosi'.
Nigerian gangster. Nasty.
The money's owed to him.
Luan's the only person standing
between us at the moment.
Who the fuck did this?
Who got into our accounts
and stole half a billion?
I'm working on it. We'll find it.
Where are you?
I'm at the Belvedere Tower
watching the contractors sign off
on the new build.
It's looking very impressive. Sean.
I think you're going to be very happy
with it.
We need to stick closer than ever
if we want to survive this.
You know you don't need to say that.
Sean.
Don't I?
You're not always there when someone
takes a shot at me.
(SIGHS)
He knows I'm lying.
We can't keep this up. We should've
just told him in the beginning.
Told him what. Alex?
That his father didn't
believe in him enough
to trust him with the business?
That he wanted you to run it
instead?
That he was going to run off
and leave his family?
And all while Sean was preparing
his father's grave?
Or should I have told him even
our investors want him dead
and you in charge?
I was protecting him.
Fucking Finn. What if it's worse?
Worse?
You didn't know about Finn's deal
with Luan and the Albanian family.
What else do you think Finn
hadn't told you?
Must've crossed your mind.
He had both the access and
the knowledge to take that money.
He's dead. Alex.
Doesn't mean he hadn't already set
the wheels in motion.
Then that would mean...
..he fucked us all.
(ELECTRONIC BEEP)
(IN URDU)
(EXHALES)
(DRONE WHIRS ABOVE)
(TYRES SCREECH)
(IN KURDISH)
(IN URDU)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(RAPID GUNFIRE/SCREAMING)
(RAPID GUNFIRE/SCREAMING CONTINUES)
(COUGHS)
Hekar. Hekar!
(WHIMPERS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER IN DISTANCE)
(DOOR OPENS)
(IN ALBANIAN)
The place belonged to
a Tove Frandsen.
Mercenary from Denmark.
Special Forces.
When you raid the place.
you'll find the weapons cache
next to her kids' toys.
The licensed taxi you were looking
for is registered to a Leif Hansen
at a different address.
OK.
Anything else?
Why don't you look surprised?
Someone broke into my flat
a week ago...
..took a box cutter to my mouth.
in my sleep.
and sent me the video.
They're trying to warn me off
Floriana.
Why didn't you tell me?
Finn's murder enquiry
has been shut down.
I don't know who to trust.
You can trust me.
Armed Police!
We have entered the property
at location one.
Arriving at second location.
Armed police!
Entering property two.
Clear!
(ON RADIO) Property one clear.
Starting search and sweep
property two.
All clear property one. Over.
POLICEWOMAN: All clear. Ma'am.
(POLICEWOMAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY
ON PHONE)
DI Chung.
Interesting place. You live here?
Yes. I'm a retired nurse.
Anyone else?
My son.
Where is he?
At work.
He's an engineer.
(THUD)
(CAR ENGINES START/INDISTINCT RADIO)
(CAR ENGINE STARTS)
(THUD)
(THUDS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(GRUNTS)
(THUD)
Find Lale.
You find anything?
She's not there.
Let's scrub this down. Everything.
Yes. boss.
This never happened.
This is Asif. It needs an answer.
Yeah.
Yeah. it does.
Let me in on it. sort things out.
I can help.
Yeah. good.
Right. keep looking.
SEAN: This is Asif. has to be.
ED: And we need to make good
with him.
Asif attacking Lale
is an attack on us.
No. It's an attack on Lale.
You bet on the wrong dog. mate.
Now is not the time
for further risks.
You'll just be throwing petrol
on the fire - one we can't control.
How close are you to finding out
who stole the half a billion?
He knows.
(MOBILE PHONE TEXT ALERT)
Mosi is in London.
ED: Half of the money was his.
He'll go after Luan first
but we should be ready.
Take the legs.
Come on. man. let's go.
Yeah.
OK. one. two. in.
OK. come on. let's go.
(DOOR OPENS)
Gentlemen.
My money is gone.
The Wallaces. Luan Dushaj
and the bankers have stolen from me.
They are all thieves.
(PIDGIN NIGERIAN)
(SCREAMING)
(YELLING AND SCREAMING)
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
(GRUNTS)
(WOMAN YELPS)
(MUSIC PLAYS THROUGH HEADPHONES)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(DOG WHIMPERS)
(DOG BARKS)
Zeus.
Enough.
(BREATHES ERRATICALLY)
There's no money here.
We're not a bank!
It's just numbers. you see.
Just numbers!
No! No!
No! Please!
Please. please. please. no!
No. no!
(PLAYFUL LAUGHTER)
(MUSIC PLAYS)
Dad.
Dad!
This is going to be chaos!
Please. it's her birthday today.
Come on. please!
Oh. thank you so much! Mwah!
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
This girl will be spoilt
by all of this.
(SCREAM)
(KEYPAD BEEPS/SAFE UNLOCKS)
(GUN COCKS)
Luan?
It'll be OK.
I've brought a gift
for the birthday girl.
Something a little different.
Good to see you. Mosi.
What are you doing here?
(CHUCKLES) You thought it would work?
Stealing from me?
Everything is fine. the money
has gone through.Not my money.
You took it.
Mosi. please. that's not possible.
You caught us out.
Then it was a mistake.
That you stole from us. yes.
No. no. no.
Our deal is off.
We have been set up. man.
Repay everything.
Mosi. this has to be the Wallaces.
Or I butcher everyone
you hold precious.
Every single one of them.
What's her name?
My name's Bukoroshe.
Ahh. Such a pretty name. Bukoroshe?
Bukoroshe.
Oh. a puppy!
(CHUCKLES)
(ZEUS BARKS)
I love him!
You made a mistake. man.
All of the money.
(ZEUS BARKS)
FEMALE REPORTER ON TV:
..where 11 employees from
the Adige Investment House
have been found with their hands
severed at the wrist.
In other news. the controversial
Belvedere Tower
will open today as planned -
(TV TURNED OFF)
(IN ALBANIAN)
(BANG AS BOUNCES OFF WINDOW)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(MAN AND WOMAN SHOUT INDISTINCTLY)
You're a fucking liar. Ed.
Where's my money?
You said we had a deal.
I have to kill a fucking family
for this.
You understand?
I should put a fucking bullet
in your brain right now.
It's not us. Luan.
We don't know where it is.
What do you mean you don't know?
It's gone.
And whoever took your money.
took ours as well. so killing me
won't change that.
I'm out of fucking time. man.
Mosi won't wait any longer.
You have to help me. Ed.
Huh?
Luan.
Mosi is your problem. not ours.
We are honouring your deal
with Finn. not your deal with Mosi.
When we find out who took our money.
we'll both claim back what's ours.
Until then. we're all on our own.
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(BEEP)
(SIRENS WAIL IN DISTANCE)
So where are you taking us?
Somewhere close.
You'll like it. It's really nice.
Get in there.
DANNY: Wow. cool! A motorbike!
SHANNON: Careful on this. please.
ELLIOT: All right. where we going?
DANNY: Italy.
Where in Italy?
Er. Rome.
Rome!
(LAUGHS)
Are you gonna tell us
when we get there. yeah?Yep.
OK.
Er. Danny? Danny.
Yeah?
Go and see how they're getting on
with our food.OK. Mum.
Good boy.
He's a good kid.
Are you all right?
If...if this all goes wrong...
..do you have a fire escape?
Why. what's happened?
Earlier today. I had to help get rid
of a dozen bodies.
Hang on. was Dad or Alex involved?
No. none of us were.
OK.
After Finn's death.
the rivalry...
It's getting worse out there.
What is it?
That can't ever be you.
Well...
I've had a bag packed ever since
it went wrong with Danny's father.
Passports. cash -
Danny and me. we're gone.
So what about YOUR fire escape?
Would you um...
(CLEARS THROAT)
Would you come with us?
(CAMERA LENS CLICKS)
And even if it does go all wrong.
The Wallaces and Dumanis have been
through bad times before.
Dad's been worrying me actually.
He just seems so lost without Finn.
Hey.
Come away from the window.
What?
Come on.
Hey.
We got nothing from
those two addresses you gave me.
No leads. no clues.
That house was packed with evidence.
Yeah. by packed you mean
an empty garage
and a hungry eel then yeah.
you are right.
So they were expecting you -
which means you have a link.
Why the fuck have you got a UC
following me?What?
I should have known from the
beginning: the way he holds his gun.
making himself useful. just like me.
Who the fuck put him there?
How do you know he's undercover?
He was taking pictures
of me and Shannon.
What are you saying?
Maybe he's connected with whoever's
cleaned those houses before you
raided them. I need him pulled out.
I don't care who he works for.
I cannot operate
with him on my back.
He doesn't know
I know about him yet.
I'll set him up. you can arrest him
with a bunch of others-
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Who do you think you are?
That is way too high risk.
Me being under surveillance
is too high risk.
This is how UCs get killed.
Do it.
HARKS: He's lost his mind.
He takes a bullet for Sean Wallace.
then goes above and beyond
and sleeps with Ed Dumani's daughter.
Let me level with him.
If I could work with him
we could do some serious damage.
And what if he chooses Shannon Dumani
and her son...instead of you?
I'm pulling him out.
It might take a little while
to set up.
You'll be briefed on everything
he found out. and I'll keep you in.
If you're up for it.
(TRACTOR ENGINE TURNS OFF)
(COCKS GUN)
Colin.
Been a while.
(DOOR OPENS)
Typical warm Irish welcome.
NIAMH: I always knew
that someday you'd be back.
Despite the fact
you set me up on a one-way ticket?
I didn't set you up.
You didn't try and stop it.
They would've killed us both.
So best to have your little sister
blown to pieces instead. hmm?
You deserved it.
All dead now. that crowd.
(DOOR OPENS)
Who killed your man?
I'm still working on that.
And now you want to give us a yacht?
What would we do with a yacht?
He paid 36 million for it.
Sell it.
You'll get at least a third of that.
I need your support.
I need your men.
(DOG BARKS/VEHICLES ARRIVE)
What have you done. Marian?
Shit!
MAN: Everything all right. Colin?
Marian fucking Wallace
back from the dead.
You gave us up!
To Asif!
No. No. no. no.
Then where was
the Wallace protection. huh?
Where?!
Where is it now?
How did you just get to me?
It's fucked is what it is.
All your people. I saw them.
I let you down.
And I'm truly sorry.
I can't go against Asif right now.
There's too much happening.
But I will.
And soon.
I can't wait for 'soon'.
What do you want to do?
Take what he most cherishes.
(MONITOR BLEEPS)
Latest poll has you in the lead.
Tomorrow you will sweep to victory.
These scumbag journalists are
calling me 'The Galloping Horse'
candidate.
Good slogan! Backing you to win.
Horse is English slang for heroin.
Ah.
Yeah.
They are linking me
to my drug-dealing father.
An outrageous slur.
I am not a dealer!
And the attack on Lale?
That was your blunt hand. yes?
That was my strong hand!
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
You're gonna want to see this.
TV: ..shocked by the escalating
violence on the streets of London.
as highlighted by the 'Adige
Investment House Massacre' -
A police spokesman suggested
a connection
to a surge in violent gangland crime
following the recent shooting of
businessman Finn Wallace.
who was patron
of the Wallace Foundation.
His body was -
(TV TURNED OFF)
(REMOTE CONTROL THUDS)
They attacked one the oldest.
most trusted investment houses
in the city.
Do you have any understanding of what
that will do for business confidence?
Yeah. well.
maybe killing Finn Wallace
wasn't such a smart move.
Close of business today. I want to
know that your son is in control.
Or none of you will be.
(CAMERA LENS CLICKS)
(MOBILE PHONE RINGS)
Alex?
ALEXANDER: It has to be Finn.
And it's not just Luan's money
that's gone -
there's three more empty accounts.
It's over a billion and a half.
It was Finn Wallace.
No question.
(CAMERA LENS CLICKS)
ED: Alex. don't say anything
to anyone until I get there.
You found anything yet?
Oh. no. no. nothing yet.
I keep coming back to Luan's photos.
Look.
That's the one I keep looking at.
That's not who my father was.
Or he had an overwhelming reason
to do what he did.
He was protecting us from something.
something huge.
Dad's big weakness -
he could never confide in us
when things went bad.
(CLICKS FINGERS)
You'd tell me. right?
Yeah.
Wallace and Dumani -
no-one can fuck us over.
I've got a job for you tomorrow.
We need some guns picking up from
a car park over in the East End.
Sean's orders?
The fuck
are you asking me questions for?
(CARS ARRIVE)
Mrs Wallace has brought back
own army with her.
I'll let Sean know.
Welcome back Mrs. Wallace.
Get them food.
Wait in there.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(CAMERA LENS CLICKS)
(LAUGHTER AND CHATTER)
(SILENCE FALLS)
(LAUGHTER AND CHATTER RESUME)
Who the fuck are you?
I work for Mrs Wallace.
Fuck's sake.
Who was that?
Who are those men in the boardroom?
What the fuck have you been doing?
Protecting you.
I've always known Ed was lying.
From the very beginning.
Remember. we only just found out.
Do you think they'll listen
to reason?
Not a chance.
But there's only one way
out of this.
(FRONT DOOR OPENS)
DANNY: Grannie!
I wasn't expecting Danny.
Oh. I though it was a family meeting.
Hey!
I couldn't get a sitter. Danny will
be fine by himself in another room.
Sorry. what is the problem?
What's going on?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER IN NEARBY ROOM)
Take Danny to the office
and stay with him.
No. I want Elliot in the room.
Just families.
OK.
Let's go. big man.
Hi.
Let's go!
Dad.
Hey.
Hi.
(KISSES)
(GAME PLAYS)
Elliot. come on!
Ssh. ssh. ssh.
(SLAM)
You've got some explaining to do.
MARIAN: How long have you known
about Floriana?
Alexander didn't know anything -
I didn't ask about Alexander!
I'd known for a couple of months.
You lied to me.
You knew Finn was leaving us.
He only told me that
on the day he was killed.
You've known since then?
I kept it quiet for the sake of
keeping things together.
You kept it quiet
because you were in on it!
You two were always gonna
fucking take over.
ALEXANDER: That's not true.
Oh. I'll get to you in a minute!
Sean.
I watched you fall to pieces
after Finn's death.
You needed to believe in him.
- we all did -
for the sake of the business
I kept back what I knew.
To keep things straight.
(LAUGHS) Straight?!
There's nothing's straight about you.
Look. You've been tagged since day
one: at Jack's flat. exact times.
Arrives 7.40 - departs 9.10.
The night you killed him.
Jack knew about Finn and Floriana
leaving together.
Again. for the good of the family.
Your meetings with Jevan -
were they for the good of the family?
SEAN: Whoever tried to kill me
made sure you two went unharmed.
We didn't know that at the time.
We've held back on too much already.
We should have let them in on things
way before this.What things?
When we found out who killed your
father. that it was the same people
who tried to kill you.
It was our own investors!
OK. OK.
So why didn't you tell me?
Because. Sean. you were out of
control.Out of your control!
(MUFFLED CONVERSATION)
(LAUGHTER IN NEARBY ROOM)
ED: What I said at Finn's funeral
about a good man.
those words were true to me then.
Even though I knew he wanted
a second chance at life.
some old man's fantasy.
with some pretty girl.
but he was still my friend.
Until we found out
what he'd really done.
Look. we both knew
that Finn had Luan kill this boy
along with his family. What we
didn't know until today. was why.
Finn had created
a parallel business for himself.
It wasn't sustainable.
He robs new investors
to pay off the old ones.
including this boy's father.
He stole from him
to pay off an increasing deficit
but he had no intention of paying
him back. so he had him killed.
Him and his entire family.
But it still wasn't enough.
so he stole the half billion
from Luan and the Nigerians.
I saw that money disappear
in front of my eyes. We both did.
A couple of timed bank transfers.
triggered a week after
he would have left.
By the time he planned to vanish.
he'd taken over a billion
and a half.
And he took it from
each and every one in this room.
OK. OK. OK. So...
If it's true. you knew today
when I asked you.
Honestly. I'd only just found out.
I couldn't find the words to say it.
I didn't want it to be true.
No. it's because it's a fucking lie!
You know how much you mean to -
Shut up!
Oh. fuck off!
Shannon!
Your meeting with Jevan today -
what was that about?
Our investors killed Finn
because he was leaving.
They are prepared
to let the business continue
on condition that Alexander runs
the Wallace Organisation.
And Sean?
What did you decide for Sean?
They don't want Sean
anywhere near it.
And neither did Finn.
(GUNSHOT)
ELLIOT: Calm down!
It's all right. calm down!
Hey hey hey hey hey!
Danny!
He was always jealous of my father.
But you?!
You fucking Judas cunt!
If I ever see you again
I'll kill you!
Now take your scumbag father away.
(GROANS)
Elliot!
They clear up their own mess.
Get out of my fucking house!
Argh!
I don't want you going near
Shannon Dumani ever again.
Understood?
Understood.
It's you and me now.
They'll come after you.
You can't stay here.
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
(EXHALES SHARPLY)
OK. OK.
You're OK.
It's OK. it'll be OK.
It's all right.
(SEAN SOBS)
(SOBS)
subtitles by Deluxe e-mail:
AccessibleCustomerService@sky.uk
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm